Team: Hópur 4: Villi Valli og Vinir
	Enok Atli Reykdal
	Jeremias Borjas Tablante 
	Valgarð Ernir Emilsson

Grade: 
	Original grade: 8.5
	Bonus (max 2.0): 1.8


Summary:

You successfully used UPPAAL to model and analyze the vacuum-cleaning world problem. The report is generally well structured, the introduction is good, and the model description is especially strong due to its simplicity and clarity. However the model you introduce in the report is not the same model attached.

Your implementation overall is straightforward and easy to follow, which is a major strength. However, several important verification details are missing or insufficiently justified, especially regarding shortest strategies, timing semantics, and state-space analysis. Some queries are also slightly incorrect or incomplete, which weakens the conclusions drawn from them.


General Comments:
	Introduction Good.
	Model Description Good (very simple and clear, the table is super help full, but would be good to also connect it to the functions used in Figure 1).
	3.2 Example of a Query. 
		The first query does not check if the robot is facing north.
		"// Query written to UPPAAL to check if robot has visited all n*n squares" the query checks if there exists a path, such that there is a state where the robot has cleaned the grid and returned to its initial location.
	Model Quality Discussion:
		One issue with your traceability argument is that when viewing traces in the simulator, the location trace itself is not very informative. The simulator only shows: "(), (), (), (), () ... ()", whould be "movement, movement, movement, movement, movement ... movement" if you named the location as you claimed in Section 2. 
	
	State Space. You don't give any estimation of the state space, just say "increased significantly ", "grows rapidly", "much larger state space", which tels me nothing.

	Section 5.2.1 Verification of Wooldridge’s Claim
		What is 'allVisited' this has not been introduced yet (and I don't see this in your UPPAAL file)
		Also this property is satisfied by your system (since it dose not check if the robot also returns to its initial location).
		You also need to clarify how you found the shortest strategy (or how you know the strategy found is the shortest one).
	Section 5.2.2 Time and fastest strategy
		You should explain better how you incorporated time into your system (like with guards, and how you simulate time). 
		Your timing implementation is functional, but there is room for improvement. Here would also be good to include a figure of the modified model.
		Currently, time is modelled using guards and clocks, but your report does not discuss whether delays are still possible in the system after a valid strategy is found. 

		Consider using invariants and/or urgent/committed locations to:
			- simulate exact timing,
			- avoid unnecessary deadlocks,
			- and reduce the state space.
		
		"Does your conclusion depend on the time the robot takes to rotate or to move forward, provided the rotation time is at least as large as the time it takes the robot to move forward?" → This was not addressed.

	5.4.1 Combinations of Moves:
		You are missing the (12,20) combination

Minor comments:
	Table of contents is unnecessary in such a small report.
	Through out the report you use 'template' when referring 'automaton'/'process'
	"The ~~template~~automaton consists of a single location named movement " In Figure 1, the location does not have a name. 
	3.2 Example of a Query. Here you are talking about two robots and dead location, without haven given any context about that before in the report.
	

Code comments:
	The functions 'checkSquare_fwd', 'updateSquare_fwd' droping the 'Square' from the name would increase readabilti, since 'Square' does not adding information, and is espasaly confusing in 'checkSquare_turn', 'updateSquare_turn'

	I find it more readable in updates to use := instead of =, so it is clear in the updates that we are assigning values, and are not confused with the '==' in guards.